Expand Test Explorer troubleshooting with additional test discovery i… (#8147)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/csharp/cs-dev-kit-faq.md

Once you have validated that your test project is part of the solution, build your solution by right-clicking on the solution in the Solution Explorer and select **Build** or use `kb(workbench.action.tasks.build)`. Once the build has been completed, your tests will appear in the Test Explorer panel.

If your tests are still not appearing, consider the following additional checks:
- **Supported .NET Core SDK**: Ensure you are using a supported .NET Core SDK for your platform and machine. Some SDKs do not work on specific operating systems or architectures. For more information, check the official .NET download page: [https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download).

> - **Valid SDK Installation**: Verify that a valid SDK installation is detected. You can enable diagnostic logging to check which SDK is detected for your .NET project (see "How do I collect logs for troubleshooting issues with Test Explorer?" below for instructions). Note that .NET SDKs installed via unsupported tools like ASDF or Mise (e.g., [https://mise.jdx.dev/](https://mise.jdx.dev/)) may not be detected, as they deviate from Microsoft’s official installation methods. We recommend following the official instructions at [https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Valid SDK installation**: Verify that a valid SDK installation is detected. You can [enable diagnostic logging](#how-do-i-collect-logs-for-troubleshooting-issues-with-test-explorer) to check which SDK is detected for your .NET project. Note that .NET SDKs installed via unsupported tools like ASDF or [Mise](https://mise.jdx.dev/) may not be detected, as they deviate from Microsoft’s official installation methods. We recommend following the [official instructions](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download).
```

> - **Build Output**: Confirm that the build is complete and has generated the corresponding output binaries (e.g., `.dll` or `.exe` files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Build output**: Confirm that the build is complete and has generated the corresponding output binaries, such as `.dll` or `.exe` files.
```

> - **Project Loading**: Ensure all projects have finished loading. In the Solution Explorer, look for a test icon next to test projects to confirm they are detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Project loading**: Ensure all projects have finished loading. In the Solution Explorer, look for a test icon next to test projects to confirm they are detected.
```
